A man in light colored clothing photographs a group of men wearing dark suits and hats standing around a woman dressed in a strapless gown.
A boy in a red uniform is attempting to avoid getting out at home plate, while the catcher in the blue uniform is attempting to catch him.
An employee is handing a woman a bag while she is browsing through fish on ice at a street market.
A father-figure and two children outside their home doing yard work such as using a hoe on the grass and planting a tree.
A woman in blue looks in a black leather bag while sitting on a bench during a sunny afternoon while people and limousines passed behind her.
A female performer with a violin plays on a street while a woman with a blue guitar looks on.
Shirtless guy staring off in the distance while three woman are walking past a crowd sitting outside a cafe.
A man in a black t-shirt, cap and jeans is playing drums on an upside down yellow pail.
The girl in yellow is laughing at the girl wearing orange whilst being watched by the girl in blue.
A young child wearing an orange life vest holding an oar paddling a blue kayak in a body of water.
A man and two girls show off a fish while holding fishing poles in front of a body of water.
Two people wearing odd alien-like costumes, one blue and one purple, are standing in a road.
Woman wearing brown sandals and blue jeans, in a white shirt, holding a baby under a tall tree.
Costumed onlookers watch as a uniformed policeman makes a speech and a man in a suit holds a bowl of fruit.
Riot police are standing in the background while a young man with a red scarf covering his face is walking.
Two males seem to be conversing while standing in front of a truck's back, and behind a metal item, while four people stand around them.
A man in a black shirt sitting at a table with an open Apple laptop in front of him.
A child leans over a display made up of blue and yellow plastic, while an adult looks on.
Two girls (one dressed in blue, and one dressed in pink) are racing one another on rollerskates.
A solitary woman uses a large primitive mortar and pestle to crush plant material as she stands in a stubble field.
A woman wearing a bright pink overcoat makes a face to a woman wearing a purple overcoat while standing outside a Vitamin Shoppe.
Man in red and white soccer uniform stands on the field boundary lines with yellow and blue soccer ball.
A young lady and man dressed in warriors costume wielding sticks with a group of people in the background.
A view of a pedestrian thoroughfare, featuring a man in a black apron and a white baseball cap standing in the middle of the image.
A child in a red coat waves a hand in the air while lying in snow beside a red plastic sled.
A family is walking on the sidewalk through the snow while a man sits on the side with his paper cup.
A male in a suit holding a beverage in a cup walking down the sidewalk, next to a city bus.
A man in a white apron is cooking something with eggs on a pan outside for a woman in a tan jacket.
A street near a stoplight with several people including a man wearing a brown coat and sunglasses with his hand to his face.
This player with the blue helmet was at bat and just finished swinging at the ball during a team baseball game.
An African American man surrounded by empty overturned white buckets and dark colored crates expresses himself through a message handwritten on cardboard.
A young girl with curly blond-hair and wearing a white top lies in the grass, holding a flower stem.
People sit on a bench in a city square with random objects including a lamp and a dressmakers form standing nearby.
People playing pool, one is a man wearing a blue shirt and the others are women but their heads are not within the camera shot.
Four men, three of whom are wearing prayer caps, are sitting on a blue and olive green patterned mat.
A man in a red shirt walks past a turquoise and white checkered food establishment called "32 De Neude."
Two motocross bikers wearing full protective gear, with one in midair after a jump and the other looking down at his motorcycle.
A man in a suit and tie and a woman with luggage join others in waiting in the London Underground.
A man in an orange shirt and a blond boy are riding with other people on a "Pullman" vehicle.
People cooling off in a fountain, a woman in a white dress sits on the edge looking on.
The lady wearing black rimmed glasses and a yellow sweater jacket looks confused as she sits on the tan covered bench.
Two boys are looking up at the sky and waving theirs arms and they are dressed in clothes to keep them warm.
Five people walking up a set of stairs led by a woman in a pink shirt and brown skirt.
A man driving a four wheeled vehicle with four passengers riding on the front and a man sitting sideways on the back.
A man dressed in boots and a cowboy hat sits atop a horse that is jumping while spectators sit in the stands.
Three children in football uniforms of two different teams are playing football on a football field, while another player and an adult stand in the background.
Man clothed in a traditional dress like attire, while standing next to his mule who also seems to be clothed as well.
Two children, a boy in a yellow shirt and a girl in blue and white stripes, swinging.
A man wearing a gray shirt, blue jeans and a neon green safety vest is standing on a railroad track with a white truck and a white building in the background.
Two girls, one older and in black and one younger and in white, are performing the same ballet move in front of decorations made from balloons.
A small white car is on the train tracks and may or may not have been hit by the train behind it.
A girl wearing a baseball cap, white t-shirt and blue shorts is standing in a rock-bottomed, forest-lined mountain stream.
Two males from the green team tackles the other members from black team for the ball in a game of rugby.
Two male curling players are on ice sweeping the path in front of polished rock, a small crowd watches.
Two race cars, one red and one blue, are driving side by side down a racetrack while being watched by several onlookers.
An African-American boy wearing blue shorts, a black and red shirt, and white sneakers, is playing tennis.
A man talking to a family unit holding some sort of probing device as they look on and smile to be polite.
Two horse racing jockeys, one in checkered blue and red and the other in orange and brown, are racing against a blurry background.
A large bull targets a man, inches away, in a rodeo with his horns, while a rodeo clown runs to help.
A British gentleman, dressed in full military uniform, waving his hat with a background of people sitting back and looking out onto the waterway.
A man in a black jacket and checkered hat wearing black and white striped pants plays an electric guitar on a stage with a singer and another guitar player in the background.
Two African american females ride on a moped down a city street that appears to be in a well congested area of a large city area.
A woman in a mostly black outfit and white helmet riding a bike with blurred trees in the background.
Four football players in black are tackling the opposing team's player, shown in white, while it is raining.
The basketball player in the white uniform with the number 55 on it is guarding the player in the black uniform with the number 10 on it.
3 basketball players vying for the ball and one in red jersey trying to take ball from guy in white jersey.
A small boy wearing baseball regalia holds a bat behind his head with a baseball mounted in front of him.